Large language models are not only large, but they're also
general purpose. When we say that an LLM is
general purpose, we mean that the model has been trained on a wide
variety of text data from the Internet, and it's designed to
understand and generate human language in a broad and very
versatile manner. It's not specialized for just one thing.
It's a multi talented language tool that can assist with many different
jobs involving words and communication.
If you've worked with much machine learning before, you'd be familiar
with the tray with training a model for a specific test such as
classification or clustering. But with LLMs,
the initial goal is to give the model a general understanding of knowledge
and how language works so that it can be applied to more
specific tasks later on. We pretrain the model to
understand general language and solve many general purpose
problems. And then we can fine tune it to work
on specific tasks or industries.